---
layout: page
title: People
banner_image: /images/events-background.jpg
image_size: 150
---

<img src="./lucas-dion.jpg" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Lucas Dion (he/him) — President

Lucas is an undergraduate student in his third year at WPI and is pursuing a degree in robotics
engineering. He is a member of the Teacher Prep Program and is looking to teach high school
technology/engineering. Lucas's interests include LEGO, games, books, movies, and foraging.

**Fun fact:** Lucas gave a TED Talk in his senior year of high school.

---

<img src="./demetrios-kennedy.png" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Demetrios Kennedy (he/him) — Vice President

Demetrios is a senior at WPI currently pursuing his bachelor's degree in Chemistry. He is a member
of the Teacher Preparation Program with interest in earning licensure in high school chemistry. When
not at WPI, Demetrios spends most of his free time spending time with friends and family.

**Fun fact:** Demetrios used to play the guitar in elementary school. He still owns both his
acoustic and electric guitar.

---

<img src="./sarah-roberge.jpg" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Sarah Roberge (she/her) — Secretary

Sarah is an undergraduate Biomedical Engineering major (class of 2026). She is in the Teacher Prep
Program as well, getting her license to teach high school math. Sarah's hobbies include cooking,
baking, running, and puzzles.

**Fun fact:** Sarah is from Texas.

---

<img src="./wilson-gramer.jpg" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Wilson Gramer (he/him) — Webmaster

Wilson is a Computer Science and Learning Sciences & Technologies student at WPI with a passion for
STEM education. He has been developing [Wipple](https://www.wipple.org), an educational coding
language and platform for learning computer science, since high school and plans to work in
educational technology upon graduation. Wilson also works on multimedia development with the
[Multiverse Concert Series](https://www.multiverseseries.org), including performances of Mars
Symphony, Black Hole Symphony, and Climate Hope Concert. In his free time, Wilson enjoys running and
playing the piano.

**Fun fact:** Wilson attended the COP28 climate change conference in Dubai.

---

<img src="./sol-giesso.png" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Sol Giesso (she/her)

Sol is a master's student in WPI's Community Climate Adaptation program. She is passionate about
teaching environmental science to high schoolers and college students. Sol was the 2023 recipient of
the Projects for Peace grant, with which she
[led and taught an environmental science summer program for immigrant youth in Miami](https://global-lab.wpi.edu/empowering-immigrant-voices-in-the-fight-for-the-environment-project-for-peace).
Her other interests include art, traveling, and dogs.

**Fun fact:** Sol spent a semester researching climate change in the U.S. Virgin Islands.

---

<img src="./shuling-lin.png" width="{{ image_size }}">

## Shuling Lin (she/her)

Shuling Lin is a Biology & Biotechnology undergraduate student at WPI. She joined IDEA because she
is passionate about supporting access to education and inspiring the next generation of STEM
students. In her free time, Shuling enjoys baking, crocheting, reading, and word games.

**Fun fact:** Shuling can do the three leaf clover trick with her tongue.
